OK let's talk about old fashion expert at marketing strategies that still work today.
I always like to do the obvious and that's to get yourself a web site of 1:59 simple pages and work
on some as CEO so you can start getting organic.
Google search results popping up for you.
Well the clear call to action button to download your app.
Here are a few other places to promote.
You have read it.
Type sites.
Press releases you have app directories sites.
Your niche forums you have email marketing such as solo ads.
You can try.
You have pay per click such as Google Ad Words.
We'll get into that a bit more later on.
And your niche blogs OK I'll see you in the next lecture.